well howdy there Internet people its
bubble again so tonight we're going to
talk about the Rosenbergs roy cohn Joe
McCarthy Roger stone and Donald Trump
because oddly enough all of them are
connected they are all part of one
historical chain okay so let's start
with the Rosenbergs who were they simply
the probably the most effective spies of
the 20th century I mean realistically
they were a husband-and-wife team they
spied for the Soviets against the United
States and they were just amazing
I mean seriously they not just did they
hand over information all spies do that
they recruited other spies and
information they hand it over was high
value we're not talking about little
bits and pieces little bits of human
intelligence that doesn't matter no
we're talking about serious stuff like
the plans to our Jets the work the
internal workings of components to some
of our most devastating weaponry they
handed over secrets related to the a
bomb they were eventually caught Roy
Cohn puts one of the prosecutors on that
case now as we're about to find out this
is a hard right guy and he would
definitely charge them to the max they
were not charged with treason
if you followed this channel for any
length of time you've probably seen me
in the comments section saying treason
in the United States is extremely
specific it's actually really hard to
get charged with treason in the US
there's a lot of things that have to
line up okay
so Roy Cohn also worked for Joe McCarthy
Joe McCarthy of the guy who personified
the Red Scare he worked for him during
the hearings and McCarthy pretty much
saw Soviet spies well everywhere
everybody was a communist after that he
worked with Roger stone on Reagan's
campaign Roy Cohn and Roger stone
there's the accusation that they engaged
in let's just call it unethical behavior
he was also a representative for a
certain real estate developer when he
got to New York Donald Trump that's Roy
Cohn so this is a man that would
definitely sink the Rosenbergs as hard
as he could didn't charge them with
treason
they think they went down for conspiracy
to commit espionage is what they went
down for either way the point being it
didn't really matter them both carry
pretty stiff penalties in the United
States u.s. code 18 to 381 treason okay
whoever owing allegiance to the United
States levies war against them or
adheres to their enemies giving them aid
and comfort within the United States or
elsewhere is guilty of treason two key
things foreigners people who do not
allegiance to the United States can't be
charged with treason the other part of
this levies war it has to be during an
act of war or in support of an actual
war effort
simple espionage isn't enough to retreat
okay so now that we understand why
what would be an act of treason an act
of treason would be if somebody owed
allegiance to the United States let's
say they were in public office and a
foreign government was committing an act
of war and that person in public office
used their position to degrade the
United States's ability to fight back
against that act of war to aid it to
give them comfort to help that would be
something that a prosecutor could
present as treason it's very rare that
that happens because acts of war don't
happen that often
it's worth noting that the Pentagon has
argued that cyber attacks are an act of
war something that you give everybody
pause given today's climate anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night